---
layout: null
section-type: default
title: Bio 
---
## Bio

Mike has spent almost his entire 25+ year career at the intersection of
technology and education.  Now as CEO and co-founder of [Headrush
Learning](https://headrushlearning.com), Mike dedicates his time to building and
growing a business whose success is inextricably connected to the most
forward thinking in teaching and learning.

An experienced technology leader, software developer and entrepreneur, Mike
began his career in technology working as an IT specialist for IBM, where he
consulted for many large organizations including Royal Bank, Rogers and Ford.
In 2000, he became IT Director at Appleby College, an independent school in
Oakville, Ontario, Canada. He spent 9 years building creative solutions to
leverage technology to improve teaching and learning.  Mike led leading a wide
variety of initiatives in infrastructure improvement, professional development
and custom software solutions.

In 2009, Mike became Head of Technology and founding member of [THINK Global
School](http://thinkglobalschool.org), a unique international high school that
spends each semester immersed in a new location around the world. Mike helped
bring TGS from initial concept to a fully accredited high school, while solving
the unique challenges each location presented. During his time at TGS, Mike led
the building of a highly mobile, technology-based learning environment. This
included the deployment and integration of iPhone, iPads and MacBooks into
the curriculum; extensive teacher training; developing an any-time, any-where,
cloud-based infrastructure; and architecting unique custom software for
managing admissions, pastoral care of students and day to day learning.  Mike's
role gradually expanded to include Strategic Outreach which encompassed
marketing, admissions, alumni and other outward facing initiatives. 


In 2017, Mike, along with his two co-founders, launched [Headrush
Learning](http://headrushlearning.com), a software platform that helps schools,
teachers and students become more agile through project-based learning and
competency-based assessment. Learn more about [Headrush
Learning](http://headrushlearning.com). 


Mike holds a Bachelor of Science Honours degree in Computer Science from
[Queen’s University](http://queensu.ca) and completed the Queen’s Executive
Development in Information Technology Program. Mike is an outdoor enthusiast,
avid cyclist, runner, husband and father of three awesome kids. Mike is also a
volunteer scout leader with Scouts Canada.
